nice good evening and warm
Welcome the Upper Austria today
at first it has one in the innviertel
murder by a burglar looked
Now it's time for your own duck
his 68 year old grandmother was killed
he speaks of a commissioned murder of
ending his grandmother allegedly
instruction of the grandfather
The without has to go away with this set
a 72 year old retired
director of taufkirchen at the
pram his 18 year old son finally
have commissioned
to murder his wife the boy has
the bloody act on his 68 year old
grandmother already confessed
the grandfather, on the other hand, has the
allegations of murder in order
to have given
by themselves both sitting in
Examine why why should one
retired and highly respected
former director of his
18-year-old grandson brought to it
have his wife and at the same time the
Grandmother of the boy to murder and the
words the grandma has to go away repeated
over a longer did about one
longer period attracted some
Weeks it was so lukas again and again
repeated in the almost 3000 inhabitants
community taufkirchen at the pram
there is no state of exception today i come
that does not imagine me there
really no longer say so
shocked to the message who
the popular and sociable wife of
retired general school director
It should have been like a murder
wildfire spreads terribly for
me personally very much
terrible knows both knows well because
the magistrate should have been no
it is incomprehensible for us all hand
away in the studio is now supreme gottfried
peter lehner head of the
Landkriminalamt Upper Austria good
evening what does he believe has the
meanwhile grandfather already has the
committed suicide
so no has the did not
stood or the order
his grandson of this respect is
everything still with the old one